To Run the program, run as an IIS Express project, and a swagger UI will appear. simply execute the only api available and you will receive the appropriate output.

WARNING: Tokens have not been provided. As this makes more than 60 calls, please provide your own github personal access token (classic) which should be added in the two relevant spots (removing square brackets).
Tokens can be generated by following this documentation: 

https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens

NOTE: I am aware this program is not thread safe. Unlike Java's ConcurrentHashMap, C# ConcurrentDictionary's AddOrUpdate is not threadsafe. I am unable to solve this problem currently, and have 
presented this program in its current state due to being informed the person grading it is going on leave on Friday.

Another option I explored but couldn't properly build was instead of using ConcurrentDictionary I would create an empty list and add characters as they were read to this list, as threads would not collide in this manner.
Then after all the threads had finished I would synchronously build a dictionary as I read through this list.

I also tried to, for each file being read, create a personal dictionary and collate them into a static list, and when all threads are done besides the main add the dictionaries together.

If I was presented with this task in a professional environment this would be a question for a team lead or solution architect, and then would document the finalised solution to our internal knowledgebase.
